---
title: Progress
image: https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/50811861957_451bbac9e2_b.jpg
categories: [learn]
tags: [featured]
hidden: false
author: emmyoop
---

Here's the list I made in December 2020 for what I wanted to get done.  Time to check in and see what I did.

- For now, I've taken the RedOwl Jekyll theme but eventually I'll need to make it my own.  I want this page to be my own by the end of the year!
- Finish out the Data Analyst track of DataQuest
- Explore both the Data Scientist and Data Engineer Tracks in DataQuest
- Complete my first (real) Kaggle competition
- Post here once a week, as of 1/1/2021

I have started to modify my page theme but have by no means finished.  This one is definitely still a WIP.

Finishing out the Data Analyst track and exploring both the Data Scientist and Data Engineer tracks are, honestly quite obviously, not done.  I had no expectation of finishing those out.  I did however, finish the new SQL Skills Path that DateQuest recently released.  I felt I needed to solidify my SQL skills and practice them some more so I took a step to the side and went through and completed that path and I definitely feel like I have a more solid understanding of basic SQL.

I am proud to say that I did complete my first Kaggle competition.  Some may argue that it was not "real" since it was the tutorial, but po-tay-to po-ta-to.  It was the [Titanic - Machine Learning From Disater](https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic) project which is laid out well to introduce you both to the Kaggle platform and to the tutorials and help that the site offers.  I was able to successfully build a model to predict out would live and die given a dataset of passengers on the Titanic.  A bit morbid but oddly interesting at the same time!  I was also able to learn a bit about underfitting and overfitting models to get the best prediction as well as how to build a random forest model using [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/).  Kaggle is definitely a space I want to explore more.  I believe it's a great way to find interesting datasets to analyze as well as a great resource to see different methodologies for approaching those datasets through how others uses have analyzed them.

I have failed to post once a week as of the start of 2021.  I guess I should just give up now?  I'm a failure... 

Of course not!  The real purpose of the weekly posts was to keep myself accountable.  If instead of posting once a week I complete a challenge, learn about a new library or reimagine my entire website, I count that as a win.

Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.  Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.

Swimming on - time to set some more goals!

Let's move forward a couple as-is first:

- Finish out the Data Analyst track of DataQuest
- Explore both the Data Scientist and Data Engineer Tracks in DataQuest

Next, let's move forward and modify a couple more: 

- Find my own emmyoop Jekyll theme to make my site my own by the end of the month
- Find another Kaggle competition to compete in and get set up to start it

And a more concrete/attainable/short term goal:

- Finish the SQL course for Data Analysts in DataQuest by the end of the month

Finally, let's organize those goals!

### Short Term for February 2021
1. Find and implement my own website theme
2. Finish the SQL for Data Analysts
3. Find and get set up for another Kaggle competition
### Long Term for Spring 2021
4. Finish out the Data Analyst track of DataQuest
5. Explore both the Data Scientist and Data Engineer Tracks in DataQuest
